
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="celestial_titan">Celestial Titan</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
The Celestial Titan is a colossal entity whose presence within <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planes:celestial" class="wikilink1" title="planes:celestial">The Celestial Plane</a> is utterly pervasive. The titan is a living vessel, perhaps a manifestation of a <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:god" class="wikilink1" title="creation:true_creation:god">God</a>, though it is entirely passive and not wholly corporeal. Where it manifests physically, or at least visibly, within <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planes:celestial" class="wikilink1" title="planes:celestial">The Celestial Plane</a>, it bears the distinctive traits of an arthropod, with great, sweeping flanks of bright white chitin, tufts of poly-chromatic hair, and lace or feathered wings.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Celestial Titan" [1-525] -->
<h1 class="sectionedit2" id="cities">Cities</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Since the form of the titan is often indistinguishable from the other surfaces of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planes:celestial" class="wikilink1" title="planes:celestial">The Celestial Plane</a>, it is inevitable that some of the dwellings and gardens of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=charis" class="wikilink1" title="charis">Charis</a>, and other peoples, are perched upon its strange, ceramic undulations. Even a grassy knoll in a cliff-lined valley might someday rise up unexpectedly, taking with it all resident buildings, trees, and other flora, upon the back of the celestial beast.
</p>

<p>
Some races of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planes:celestial" class="wikilink1" title="planes:celestial">The Celestial Plane</a>, however, deliberately live within the folds of the titan&#039;s shell, whether in precariously balanced framework buildings, in buildings formed from its essence, or by repurposing its manifold strange tunnels and recesses.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Cities" [526-1233] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="celestial_eidolons">Celestial Eidolons</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The essence of the Celestial Titan is malleable and offers no resistance to the will of others, and so it may be easily taken and reformed to suit almost any purpose. The will of the Titan itself, however, is very strong, and it is able to retain some tenuous link to any such eidolon conjured from its essence, upon which some portion of its own ideals and values seem to be imposed. In fact, the only know way to provoke any form of intelligible interaction is via an eidolon conjured from its essence, but such creatures are usually stoic, and either unwilling or unable to divulge any information regarding the nature of the titan itself. The worldly knowledge and experience of an eidolon appears to draw more upon that of its conjurer, rather than the titan, though its chitin-clad form inevitably resembles its source.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Celestial Eidolons" [1234-] -->