
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="svailorn">Svailorn</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
The Svailorn are a race of tall, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=fey" class="wikilink2" title="fey" rel="nofollow">fey</a> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=humanoid" class="wikilink2" title="humanoid" rel="nofollow">humanoid</a>s native to <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>&#039;s <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=moon" class="wikilink2" title="moon" rel="nofollow">moon</a>, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia" class="wikilink1" title="lufia">Lufia</a>. They are approximately 50% taller than <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=human" class="wikilink2" title="human" rel="nofollow">Human</a>s, slight, and pale-skinned, resembling the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=elfin" class="wikilink2" title="elfin" rel="nofollow">Elfin</a> to whom they are related.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Svailorn" [1-252] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="culture">Culture</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Svailorn cities are as mighty and glorious as those of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=elfin" class="wikilink2" title="elfin" rel="nofollow">Elfin</a> in <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planes:feywild" class="wikilink1" title="planes:feywild">The Feywild</a>. No attention to detail is spared, and vast quantities of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=moon_dust" class="wikilink2" title="moon_dust" rel="nofollow">moon_dust</a> and fine fabrics are gathered together to maintain their aesthetic. Even Svailorn dwelling in jungles and forests ensure that though their settlements may be difficult to find, they will inspire awe upon arrival: they are towering, layered castles of intricately carved and woven wood, draped in animal skins and fabrics as fine as those made in the cities, lit by innumerable lanterns shaded by coloured papers. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Culture" [253-850] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="stars">Stars</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
<a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=star" class="wikilink2" title="star" rel="nofollow">Star</a>s hold a great significance in Svailorn culture, being only visible from certain parts of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia" class="wikilink1" title="lufia">Lufia</a>, and only under certain circumstances. In the settlements about <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_moonsea" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_moonsea" rel="nofollow">The Moonsea</a> grand festivals are held at times when the skies ordinarily clear about the southside, revealing the stars, which reflect clearly in the waters. In the jungle or forest territories towering observatories are constructed to reach above the canopies, where the stars might be glimpsed. From the borders of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:white_desert" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:white_desert" rel="nofollow">White Desert</a>, sometimes pilgrimages are made to its inner reaches, where the stars are always visible at night. Some of the &#039;monuments&#039; there, formed of meteors surviving their impacts into the soft sand, are revered as fallen stars.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Stars" [851-1609] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="stats">Stats</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>

<h5 id="tablerandom_height_and_weight">Table: Random Height and Weight</h5>
<div class="level5">
<div class="table sectionedit5"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0"> Gender </th><th class="col1"> Base Height </th><th class="col2"> Height Modifier </th><th class="col3"> Base Weight </th><th class="col4"> Weight Modifier </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Male   </td><td class="col1"> 7 ft. 4 in. </td><td class="col2"> +4d8 in. (7 ft. 8 in. - 10 ft. 4 in.) </td><td class="col3"> 170 lbs. </td><td class="col4"> + 3d8x5 lbs. (185 lbs. - 305 lbs.) </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0"> Female </td><td class="col1"> 6 ft. 8 in. </td><td class="col2 leftalign"> +4d8 in. (7 ft. 0 in. - 9 ft. 8 in.)  </td><td class="col3"> 130 lbs. </td><td class="col4"> + 3d8x5 lbs. (145 lbs. - 265 lbs.) </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT5 TABLE [1666-1966] -->
</div>

<h5 id="size">Size</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
Despite their height, Svailorn are Medium creatures and thus recieve no bonuses or penalties due to their size.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="type">Type</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
Fey/Humanoid
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="base_speed">Base Speed</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
Svailorn have a base speed of 30 feet.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="vision">Vision</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
Svailorn are accustomed to longer periods of twilight than most, and have low-light vision.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Stats" [1610-2279] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="racial_traits">Racial Traits</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4 id="ability_score_racial_traits">Ability Score Racial Traits</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Svailorn have a regal but genial air and are quick to make friends. They are studious and have a great interest in all kinds of lore. Being accustomed to weaker gravity than most, their bodies are weak for their size.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> -2 Strength</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> +2 Intelligence</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> +2 Charisma</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4 id="silver_tongue">Silver Tongue</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The culture and native tongue of the Svailorn is well suited to diplomatic and amiable discourse, and this carries through to their understanding of other languages. They gain a +2 bonus to Diplomacy and Charm checks, to other mental checks relating to friendly negotiation, and to Linguistics or Sense Motive checks to deal with creatures speaking an unknown language.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="svailorn_reach">Svailorn Reach</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
When wielding weapons designed for a Svailorn, not including unarmed strikes, knuckle dusters, cestus, daggers, or similar small weapons, Svailorn gain +5ft reach because of their elongated form.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="elven_immunities">Elven Immunities</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Svailorn are immune to magic sleep effects and gain a +2 racial saving throw bonus against enchantment spells and effects.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="elven_magic">Elven Magic</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Svailorn recieve a +2 racial bonus on caster level checks made to overcome spell resistance. In addition, Svailorn recieve a +2 racial bonus on Spellcraft skill checks made to identify properties of magic items.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Racial Traits" [2280-] -->