
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="eosera">Eosera</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Eosera is an <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=outsider" class="wikilink2" title="outsider" rel="nofollow">outsider</a> and a prominent figure in <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=saxi" class="wikilink2" title="saxi" rel="nofollow">Saxi</a> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=saxi:religion" class="wikilink1" title="saxi:religion">religion</a> and mythology.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Eosera" [1-125] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="overview">Overview</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Eosera is an individual <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=outsider" class="wikilink2" title="outsider" rel="nofollow">outsider</a> of unknown nature and origin who has long been a benefactor and figure of much reverence to the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=saxi" class="wikilink2" title="saxi" rel="nofollow">Saxi</a> people.
</p>

<p>
When not in the Saxi territories on the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planes:material_plane" class="wikilink2" title="planes:material_plane" rel="nofollow">Material Plane</a> she spends the majority of her time on the Plane of Solitude scrying at events elsewhere, but may also ocassionally be found exploring other planes and lands on the Material Plane far away from home.
</p>

<p>
While incredibly wise and intelligent, Eosera holds no great power on any plane save for gift in divination, and a few other abilities which make her difficult to assail. Nonethless, she is brave, and is depicted in Saxi legends facing off against numerous perils, or bolstering the courage of other Saxi heroes. In reality, she also ocassionally skulks about in the more dangerous planes and places of the world, following the threads of fate she glimpses, and keeping watch on the activities of other Outsiders of whom she is aware.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Overview" [126-1115] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="appearance">Appearance</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Eosera has a natural affiliation with the colours of celestial sunlight – of bronze, gold, amber, honey,  yellow, white, and autumn leaf.
</p>

<p>
In almost all cases she presents herself as a human woman of no great stature, usually in a floor-length, long-sleeved gown of some sort, with braided, amber hair. When appearing to the Saxi, however, she would only ever appear as such at shrines, temples, royal courts, or other&#039;s homes; in the field, or at sea, she always appears wearing a handsome suit of fur-trimmed leather, carrying a small shield and spear, or a bow, and sometimes wearing a white-gold helmet. Even when traversing hazardous planes and locations, she often goes unarmed and in scant armour – an abstract, femenine humanoid shape - for she may manifest her weapons and shield at will.
</p>

<p>
At Saxi temples and Shrines, Eosera will often merge with her statues and other artefacts rather than manifest physically. From here she may observe her devotees, determine what help they really need, and if necessary reach out with a whisper into their mind. She avoids direct manifestation for the most part, seeing the mortal practices of whorship and reverence as a necessary evil in helping them through their trials, and seeking no compensation for her goodwill.
</p>

<p>
Eosera loved the Autumn season of the Saxi homeland, and therefore the Saxi sometimes honour her by decorating her temples and shrines with carvings of leaves and branches, or even bringing bright autumn leaves from far away and piling them about. She sometimes even appears with a mantle of autumn leaves over her shoulders and hair, with leaf patterns stitched into her armour, or stitched and dyed into her dress.
</p>

<p>
Oftentimes Eosera&#039;s eyes glow a stark blue due to her scrying, divination, and arcane sight abilities.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Appearance" [1116-2933] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="equipment">Equipment</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Spear,
Sword,
Longbow
Mwk Shield, light steel (quickdraw)
Mwk Armored Coat
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Equipment" [2934-3031] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="pathfinder">Pathfinder</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
NG Medium outsider (good)
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Pathfinder" [3032-3081] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="defense">Defense</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Defense" [3082-3100] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="offense">Offense</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Offense" [3101-3119] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit8" id="statistics">Statistics</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Statistics" [3120-3141] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit9" id="special_abilities">Special Abilities</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4 id="battle_trained">Battle Trained</h4>
<div class="level4">

</div>

<h4 id="choose_the_slain">Choose the Slain</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
As <a href="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/bestiary/monster-listings/outsiders/valkyrie" class="urlextern" title="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/bestiary/monster-listings/outsiders/valkyrie" rel="nofollow">Valkyrie&#039;s</a> ability. Eosera can draw the soul from a newly dead body and store it in her essence for transport to the Outer Planes. This functions as soul bind, but the dead creature must be willing to have its soul taken. If the creature is unwilling this ability has no effect.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="always_armed">Always Armed</h5>
<div class="level5">

<p>
Eosera&#039;s weapons and armour are her essence and she may manifest or dismiss them at will as a swift action. This includes the ability to switch weapons as a swift action. She is considered proficient with all of the arms described here, and her armour, being of her essence, never impedes her speed or spellcasting.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT9 SECTION "Special Abilities" [3142-] -->