
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="warelin">Warelin</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
The Warelin were a collection of human peoples living about the northern reaches of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:north_sea" class="wikilink1" title="paraesi:north_sea">The North Sea</a> of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi" class="wikilink1" title="paraesi">Paraesi</a>, the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:sea_of_snows" class="wikilink2" title="paraesi:sea_of_snows" rel="nofollow">Sea of Snows</a>, and the mountains betwixt, in the two millennia immediately preceding the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=year_of_fire" class="wikilink1" title="year_of_fire">Year of Fire</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Warelin" [1-275] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="history">History</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "History" [276-295] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="origins">Origins</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Though there is little surviving record of the origins of the Warelin or other neighbouring factions at the start of the <a href="#golden_age" title="warelin ↵" class="wikilink1">Golden Age</a>, it is possible that the Warelin peoples were distant descendants of survivors from the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=arcane_holocaust" class="wikilink1" title="arcane_holocaust">Arcane Holocaust</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Origins" [296-562] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="golden_age">Golden Age</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
In the period refereed to as the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:north_sea:golden_age" class="wikilink2" title="paraesi:north_sea:golden_age" rel="nofollow">golden age</a> the Warelin human tribes occupied the space around the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:sea_of_snows" class="wikilink2" title="paraesi:sea_of_snows" rel="nofollow">Sea of Snows</a> and the northern mountains, encompassing the lands of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=emerowydthwaeth" class="wikilink1" title="emerowydthwaeth">Emerowydthwaeth</a>, and later <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=uubvine" class="wikilink1" title="uubvine">Uubvine</a> folks. Though there were Warelin metropolises in this era, they were largely unplanned, liberally governed, and bled into the mottled tribe-lands that spanned the majority of the Warelin territory.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Golden Age" [563-1032] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="weathering_the_storm">Weathering the Storm</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
During the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=first_north_sea_fiend_storm" class="wikilink1" title="first_north_sea_fiend_storm">First North Sea Fiend Storm</a> the surviving Warelin tribes of the <a href="#golden_age" title="warelin ↵" class="wikilink1">Golden Age</a> were scattered and, for the most-part, forced southward.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Weathering the Storm" [1033-1217] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="aftermath">Aftermath</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Though peoples calling themselves Warelin survived the centuries-long maelstrom following the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=first_north_sea_fiend_storm" class="wikilink1" title="first_north_sea_fiend_storm">First North Sea Fiend Storm</a>, their culture was significantly changed, and they never ventured again into the northern mountains.
</p>

<p>
Throughout this period in history separate tribes still existed, especially in the far eastern and southern edges of the civilization, but the majority of the Warelin peoples united into tight townships and city states for safety. The surviving <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=emerowydthwaeth" class="wikilink1" title="emerowydthwaeth">Emerowydthwaeth</a> mostly retreated to the forests, but a small number of the elven folk remained among the Warelin, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=emero_wydth" class="wikilink1" title="emero_wydth">Emero Wydth</a> having been utterly destroyed.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Aftermath" [1218-1878] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="exodus">Exodus</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
In the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=year_of_fire" class="wikilink1" title="year_of_fire">Year of Fire</a> the Warelin peoples were forced to leave the northern shores of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:north_sea" class="wikilink1" title="paraesi:north_sea">The North Sea</a> after the loss of several cities in the initial eruption of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=zwo_kayan" class="wikilink2" title="zwo_kayan" rel="nofollow">Zwo Kayan</a>, subsequent famine, and assaults <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=gnoll" class="wikilink2" title="gnoll" rel="nofollow">gnoll</a> and <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=ratfolk" class="wikilink2" title="ratfolk" rel="nofollow">ratfolk</a> factions.
</p>

<p>
The majority of the Warelin went west through <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:north_sea:summer_valley" class="wikilink2" title="paraesi:north_sea:summer_valley" rel="nofollow">Summer Valley</a>, while others took ships southward across the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:north_sea" class="wikilink1" title="paraesi:north_sea">The North Sea</a>. These folk became the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=haleysi" class="wikilink1" title="haleysi">Haleysi</a> and barbaric human tribes about the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:north_sea" class="wikilink1" title="paraesi:north_sea">The North Sea</a> in coming eras.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Exodus" [1879-2422] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit8" id="religion">Religion</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Religion" [2423-] -->