
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="the_material_plane">The Material Plane</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
The Material Plane is a <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planes:planes" class="wikilink1" title="planes:planes">plane</a> of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:creation" class="wikilink1" title="creation:creation">Creation</a> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a>. It consists of a vast, mountainous terrain including inumerable <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">spires</a>, around which orbit <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=moon" class="wikilink2" title="moon" rel="nofollow">moons</a> and <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=star" class="wikilink2" title="star" rel="nofollow">stars</a>. On spears with stars, or spears and regions of the plane near to stars, Marlien provides a climate sufficient to sustain traditional biological life.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "The Material Plane" [1-422] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="topography">Topography</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The exact topography of the Material Plane is not understood. It is not observed locally to be curved, nor have any <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">spires</a> been discovered from which extend additional <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">spires</a> or other structures, yet the arangement of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=star" class="wikilink2" title="star" rel="nofollow">stars</a> in the skies, which appear randomly distributed and at differing distances, defies the idea that the plane is roughly flat. It has been theorised on some <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">spires</a> that Marlien is, in fact, composed of one or more inverse sphears, or a more complex cavernous structure, possibly with some dense, transparent substance, or crystaline layers which distort observations of distant <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=star" class="wikilink2" title="star" rel="nofollow">stars</a>. It is also possible that Marlien&#039;s space is folded into some non-euclidean form, which allows it to serve as both flat, and in some complex form - perhaps fractal.
</p>

<p>
The terrain of the plane is locally observed to be flat, or occupied by mountain ranges whose average height never varies significantly, with occasional <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">spires</a> of great height extending from it. Gravity on the plane pulls towards it, varying greatly in strength from region to region, except where there ar large enough <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">spires</a> or mountains to posess their own gravity. There, the strength of gravity appears to bear no relation to the size of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">Spire</a>, and does not differ significantly from the base to the tip. Excavations of the plane have never revealed it to be anything but solid, to any depth.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Topography" [423-] -->