
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="xiexio_vehicles">Xiexio Vehicles</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">Xiexio</a> technology and telekinetic abilities have been used to produce all manner of vehicles, including <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spacecraft" class="wikilink1" title="spacecraft">Spacecraft</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Xiexio Vehicles" [1-157] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="aircraft">Aircraft</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Aircraft" [158-178] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="air_cloak">Air Cloak</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
An air cloak is a heavy robe or other clothing fitted with a harness of strong seams which fit close to the body, and sufficient <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> to lift an adult <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">Xiexio</a>. They are an old and less-than-comfortable flight device once common among aristocracy, which are now seen as pretentious.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Air Cloak" [179-491] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="air_board">Air Board</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
An air board is a simple, streamlined construction, sometimes with handlebars, foot-locks, or luggage racks, which is levitated with the aid of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio#telekinesis" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">telekinesis</a>. They are typically devoid of any form of propulsion other than the user&#039;s telekinesis, but some have integrated propulsion systems, or third-party propulsion systems may be attached. Alternatively, some have runners and small aerofoils so that the operator need only propel the board forward in order to generate lift.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Air Board" [492-1011] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="spacecraft">Spacecraft</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Spacecraft" [1012-1034] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="space_suit">Space Suit</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
A space suit is a pressurised suit designed to used along with an <a href="#air_board" title="xiexio:vehicles ↵" class="wikilink1">air board</a> or other vehicle designed for atmospheric use, in order to allow for short travel beyond atmospheres.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Space Suit" [1035-1239] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="egg">Egg</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
An egg is a pressurised capsule light enough that a single <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">Xiexio</a> may levitate it, and them in it, under normal gravity. It features only small propulsion systems and sufficient fuel for emergencies, but primarily is fired from <a href="#cannon" title="xiexio:vehicles ↵" class="wikilink1">cannon</a> mounted upon <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planet" class="wikilink1" title="planet">Planet</a>s, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">Spire</a>s, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spacecraft" class="wikilink1" title="spacecraft">Spacecraft</a>, or other larger entities as a means of short range travel, such as air-drops.
</p>

<p>
Eggs are also sometimes used to deliver supplied, modules, and other goods across great distances, though the lack of an operator to ensure safe arrival means that targets are limited, or mechanisms must be fitted to accommodate this.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Egg" [1240-1870] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit8" id="personal_sphere">Personal Sphere</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
A personal sphere is a <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spacecraft" class="wikilink1" title="spacecraft">Spacecraft</a> used primarily by official <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio:spacers" class="wikilink2" title="xiexio:spacers" rel="nofollow">Spacers</a>, independent explorers, and peacekeepers. They are entirely modular, but are designed to maintain a spherical configuration, especially when operating without an external atmosphere. Modules fitted with propulsion systems allow the vehicle to accelerate far more quickly than its operator could achieve through telekinesis alone. Since the mass of the vehicle always requires quantities of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> beyond that which a <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">Xiexio</a> can control at once, or even hold together during the accelerations generated by the main propulsion systems, all modules are capable of coupling with others, and the vehicle must make use of its auxiliary engines to remain airborne within gravitational fields. The innermost modules of almost all personal spheres contain components capable of arrangement into an <a href="#egg" title="xiexio:vehicles ↵" class="wikilink1">egg</a>, or <a href="#air_board" title="xiexio:vehicles ↵" class="wikilink1">air Board</a> and <a href="#space_suit" title="xiexio:vehicles ↵" class="wikilink1">space suit</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Personal Sphere" [1871-2831] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit9" id="other">Other</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT9 SECTION "Other" [2832-2849] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit10" id="cannon">Cannon</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
A cannon is a device consisting of a loading bay, acceleration chamber, and chamber, designed to accelerate <a href="#egg" title="xiexio:vehicles ↵" class="wikilink1">Egg</a>s to sufficient speed for inter-planetary, or inter-spire travel. The acceleration chamber spins, or applies pressure to a sealed tube in order to accelerate an <a href="#egg" title="xiexio:vehicles ↵" class="wikilink1">Egg</a> just slowly enough that it does not injure the passenger. When the egg has sufficient velocity to reach the desired destination in the desired time frame it is loosed into the chamber, then out into <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=space" class="wikilink1" title="space">Space</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT10 SECTION "Cannon" [2850-] -->