
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="lufia">Lufia</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Lufia is the only <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=moon" class="wikilink2" title="moon" rel="nofollow">moon</a> of the spire <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>, within <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planes:material" class="wikilink1" title="planes:material">The Prime Material Plane</a> of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a>. It orbits the spire within the atmosphere of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a>, with little variance in its altitude. It is <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tidal_locking" class="interwiki iw_wp" title="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tidal_locking">tidally-locked</a> with <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>, but its orbit is not synchronised with that of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=biora" class="wikilink2" title="biora" rel="nofollow">Biora</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Lufia" [1-349] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="ecology">Ecology</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Lufia is home to many native creatures, including a humanoid, fey race, the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=svailorn" class="wikilink1" title="svailorn">Svailorn</a>. Most life native to Lufia is somewhat larger than that upon <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>, due to its lower gravity.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Ecology" [350-559] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="environment">Environment</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Because Lufia orbits <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a> in the same direction as <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=biora" class="wikilink2" title="biora" rel="nofollow">Biora</a>, but rather slower, its days and nights are roughly twice as long as those on the spire, though this is rather more complicated on the underside.
</p>

<p>
The environments of Lufia on each side are each in stark contrast to the others, owing to their relations to <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a> and <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=biora" class="wikilink2" title="biora" rel="nofollow">Biora</a>. They are roughly broken down as follows:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:white_desert" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:white_desert" rel="nofollow">White Desert</a> is the topside of Lufia, facing away from <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>. It is the most temperate region of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=moon" class="wikilink2" title="moon" rel="nofollow">moon</a>, being closest and longest exposed to <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=biora" class="wikilink2" title="biora" rel="nofollow">Biora</a>&#039;s light. It is exceedingly hot during the daytime, but deathly cold at night. It is a place of great peril, and great beauty, with sands deep enough to have absorbed the impact of many a meteor, blowing out wide craters around enormous, natural monuments, which are gradually filled back in by the winds.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:blue_desert" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:blue_desert" rel="nofollow">Blue Desert</a> is the underside of Lufia, facing towards <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>. It is only fully exposed to the light of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=biora" class="wikilink2" title="biora" rel="nofollow">Biora</a> during the north&#039;s sunrise, and the south&#039;s sunset, being otherwise in darkness when the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=star" class="wikilink2" title="star" rel="nofollow">star</a> passes Lufia, and lit in blue twilight when it is eclipsed by <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a> - the light bending about its oceans to fall upon the moon. Because it is warmed by heat radiated from <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a> during the twilight hours, in the summer it is pleasantly warm day or night.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_moonsea" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_moonsea" rel="nofollow">The Moonsea</a> is a vast body of water on the southern side of Lufia - that facing toward <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>&#039;s tip. It is formed by rains moving northward above <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a> after evaporating off of the tip, which fall upon the center and shores of the Moonsea in great rainstorms. From here the waters flow away, drawn northward, and underward by the gravities of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a>&#039;s floor, and <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>, forming great rivers that encircle Lufia. When rarely the sky is clear of such storms, the many <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=star" class="wikilink2" title="star" rel="nofollow">star</a>s of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a> reflect clearly in the Moonsea.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_greening" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_greening" rel="nofollow">The Greening</a> refers to all the jungles and forests surrounding <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_moonsea" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_moonsea" rel="nofollow">The Moonsea</a> and the great rivers. The trees here are vast due to the smaller resistance of gravity here than upon <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>, and the creatures follow suit.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_starless" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_starless" rel="nofollow">The Starless</a> are the lands on the northern side of Lufia - that facing toward <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>&#039;s base. These lands are so called because they are never exposed to a view of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=star" class="wikilink2" title="star" rel="nofollow">star</a>s of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a>, gazing ever towards the floor. There are numerous environs here, including forests, seas, mountains, and the edges of the two deserts.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_golden_band" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_golden_band" rel="nofollow">The Golden Band</a> is the ring about Lufia which falls within neither <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:white_desert" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:white_desert" rel="nofollow">White Desert</a> nor <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:blue_desert" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:blue_desert" rel="nofollow">Blue Desert</a>. It passes through <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_moonsea" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_moonsea" rel="nofollow">The Moonsea</a>, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_starless_and_encompasses_the_majority_of_lufia:the_greening" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_starless_and_encompasses_the_majority_of_lufia:the_greening" rel="nofollow">The Greening</a>. It is the most inhabitable portion of Lufia for most mortal races, having plenty of flora fed by the waters of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:the_moonsea" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:the_moonsea" rel="nofollow">The Moonsea</a>, but not suffering from the extreme climates of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=lufia:white_desert" class="wikilink2" title="lufia:white_desert" rel="nofollow">White Desert</a>. It is here where the majorty of the cities of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=svailorn" class="wikilink1" title="svailorn">Svailorn</a> are situated.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Environment" [560-3667] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="moon_rain">Moon Rain</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Because of Lufia&#039;s ineraction with <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>&#039;s <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire#water_cycle" class="wikilink1" title="spire">Water Cycle</a>, on occasion a rainstorm will precipitate from the moon&#039;s northern side, down to <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>, carrying with it <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=moon_dust" class="wikilink2" title="moon_dust" rel="nofollow">moon_dust</a> and other Lufian matter which might be considered precious to some cultures, arcane arts, or sciences.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Moon Rain" [3668-] -->