
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="jinxi">Jinxi</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Jinxi (Jin-she) is a kinesis-reactive material found usually, but not always, upon <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=planet" class="wikilink1" title="planet">Planet</a>s which lie outside of the main atmosphere of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a> and connected <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spire" class="wikilink1" title="spire">Spire</a>s. It is light-weight, hard, brittle, and translucent at most natural densities, though it can be dyed virtually any colour or spun into dense strings and cords.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Jinxi" [1-369] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="applications">Applications</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Applications" [370-394] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="xiexio">Xiexio</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">Xiexio</a> use jinxi for many purposes, including, but not limited to, personal transport, clothing and jewelery, weaponry, and hands-free interfaces. <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">Xiexio</a> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spacecraft" class="wikilink1" title="spacecraft">Spacecraft</a> or other vehicles designed for individual control and transportation are often so modular in design and so saturated with Jinxi that the entire vessel can be moved about the operator to expose different systems for maintenance, inspection, or usage, rather than the operator having to move through the vessel. For larger vessels this design is both impractical and dangerous, as multiple <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">Xiexio</a> would struggle to coordinate the manipulation of Jinxi without some additional telepathic aid.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Xiexio" [395-1091] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="jinxi_telekinesis">Jinxi Telekinesis</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Jinxi Telekinesis" [1092-1121] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="potential">Potential</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Manipulation of Jinxi via telekinesis requires a certain amount of mental discipline. A creature&#039;s Wisdom therefore defines the upper limit of the mass of Jinxi they can operate with proficiency.
</p>

<p>
When over &#039;Subtle&#039; capacity, a penalty is incurred on all rolls relating to Jinxi telekinesis or the Wisdom characteristic, including attack rolls with Jinxi-operated weapons, fly checks to operate <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio:vehicles" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio:vehicles">vehicles</a>, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio#jinxi_disarm" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">disarm</a> attempts, and perception checks.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="tableoperation_potential">Table: Operation Potential</h4>
<div class="level4">
<div class="table sectionedit6"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0"> Operation Category </th><th class="col1"> Upper Limit </th><th class="col2"> Penalty </th><th class="col3"> Details </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> Subtle </td><td class="col1"> 2 lbs. per Wisdom </td><td class="col2"> 0 </td><td class="col3"> Operating with ease. Fit to fly with grace or operate weapons and machinery skilfully. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Rough  </td><td class="col1"> 4 lbs. per Wisdom </td><td class="col2"> -4 </td><td class="col3"> Operating with difficulty. Steady enough to operate simple flying vehicles. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0"> Clumsy </td><td class="col1"> 6 lbs. per Wisdom </td><td class="col2"> -10 </td><td class="col3"> Operating with great mental strain. Attempting to move something cumbersome. Too dangerous to attempt flight. </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT6 TABLE [1668-2111] -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Potential" [1122-2112] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="operation">Operation</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Use of Jinxi telekinesis in combat should be governed by the following rules:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Retrieving small weapons or items from belts or convenient containers via telekinesis requires a swift action and never provokes attacks of opportunity.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Items up to the upper limit of the Rough <a href="#tableoperational_potential" title="jinxi ↵" class="wikilink1">operational potential</a> presently controlled via Jinxi telekinesis may be moved anywhere within the controller&#039;s range as a swift action, and follow the controller&#039;s movements as a free action. For the clumsy category moving with such a quantity of objects halves movement speed, and moving them within range requires a move action.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Taking up new items into telekinetic control, releasing items presently controlled, setting them into an orbiting pattern, halting such a pattern, or triggering simple functionality requires only a move action, which may affect multiple items at once, but only in one particular way. More complicated items or weapons such as the Disruptor Lance may be similarly activated with a standard action, though all shots must be fired at the same target, and each attack is made with a -4 penalty.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Throwing items under telekinetic control requires a standard action. Multiple items thrown as a single action must have the same target, and each throw is made with a -4 penalty. No penalty for range increments should be applied to items so thrown until they leave the user&#039;s range.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Any use of such telekinesis upon an item within the range of similar abilities of another creature provoke an opposed Will check (in place of a single attack of opportunity), allowing the other to take control of the item if it matches your own result.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Similarly, an item thrown at a creature wielding Jinxi telekinesis which has sufficient Jinxi content may be caught or deflected (in place of that round&#039;s attack of opportunity), by making a Will save which meets or beats the attack roll. To deflect multiple simultaneously thown projectiles, the roll receives a penalty of -4.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Operation" [2113-4149] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit8" id="lifting_capacity">Lifting Capacity</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The ability of Jinxi to move when constrained by other materials is dependent upon the mass of the Jinxi, and the operator&#039;s capacity for manipulating it. Jinxi qualities and their lifting capacities are detailed in the table below. Note that the lifting capacity of pure Jinxi does not improve with refinement, though it does make it tougher and more compact, which is necessary for most applications.
</p>

<p>
Two such capable creatures may combine their capacities directly for the purposes of lifting heavier loads, though they may not be able to coordinate complex or quick actions well, especially if they are not well acquainted or similarly trained.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="tablejinxi_lifting_capacities">Table: Jinxi Lifting Capacities</h4>
<div class="level4">
<div class="table sectionedit9"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0" rowspan="2"> Quality </th><th class="col1" colspan="3"> Lifting Capacity </th><th class="col4" rowspan="2"> Description </th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<th class="col0"> 1 lb. </th><th class="col1"> 5 lb. </th><th class="col2"> 10 lb. </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Raw    </td><td class="col1"> 2 lb. + self </td><td class="col2"> 10 lb. + self </td><td class="col3"> 20 lb. + self </td><td class="col4"> Raw Jinxi as found underground in seams. Presence of other elements contributing to its total weight hinders its lifting capacity. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Pure   </td><td class="col1"> 5 lb. + self </td><td class="col2"> 25 lb. + self </td><td class="col3"> 50 lb. + self </td><td class="col4"> Raw Jinxi as sometimes found in natural crystaline formation, or manufactured from Raw Jinxi. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0"> Refined </td><td class="col1"> 5 lb. + self </td><td class="col2"> 25 lb. + self </td><td class="col3"> 50 lb. + self </td><td class="col4"> Jinxi refined to various densities and opacities, usually through deliberate processes. </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT9 TABLE [4868-5455] -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Lifting Capacity" [4150-5456] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit10" id="special_abilities">Special Abilities</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Through intelligent or instinctive application of Jinxi telekinesis, wielders may utilise the following abilities:
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="returning_weapons">Returning Weapons</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Wielders may treat any thrown weapon or object with the <span class="curid"><a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a></span> property as <a href="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/magic-weapons/magic-weapon-special-abilities/returning" class="urlextern" title="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/magic-weapons/magic-weapon-special-abilities/returning" rel="nofollow">returning</a>.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="guidance">Guidance</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
When making a throwing attack using any weapon or object with the <span class="curid"><a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a></span> property, wielders may make course corrections giving a +1 bonus to hit if the target is within the range of their telekinesis.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="jinxi_disarm">Jinxi Disarm</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Wielders may attempt to <a href="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/gamemastering/combat/#TOC-Disarm" class="urlextern" title="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/gamemastering/combat/#TOC-Disarm" rel="nofollow">Disarm</a> another creature of any item with sufficient <span class="curid"><a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a></span> content, either held or under their telekinetic control. To do so, the wielder must be within range of the item, and have the <span class="curid"><a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi#potential" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">potential</a></span> to move the item along with everything else they are currently manipulating.
</p>

<p>
The disarm attempt is made unarmed, at range, provoking no attack of opportunity, and with a bonus equal to the wielder&#039;s Wisdom bonus. If the item is held, the disarm attempt must meet the holder&#039;s CMD. If it is being manipulated by another&#039;s telekinesis, the other instead makes a Will Save against the disarm attempt.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT10 SECTION "Special Abilities" [5457-6751] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit11" id="cost">Cost</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The cost to add the Jinxi property to a weapon, armour, or other equipment, or to create <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio#xiexio_modular_armour" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio">Xiexio Modular Armour</a> from normal armour, is dictated by the quantity of Jinxi which must be built into the item in order to make manipulation of the item possible. Note that if the mass of Jinxi required for this exceeds the operating creature&#039;s <a href="#operating_potential" title="jinxi ↵" class="wikilink1">operating potential</a>, the property does not function. To calculate the cost, compare the original weight of the item to <a href="#tablejinxi_lifting_capacities" title="jinxi ↵" class="wikilink1">Table: Jinxi Lifting Capacities</a> to work out the quantity of Jinxi required, then refer to <a href="#tablejinxi_cost" title="jinxi ↵" class="wikilink1">Table: Jinxi Cost</a>, below. Assume that Refined Jinxi of some form is required.
</p>

<p>
For example, a Javelin weighs 2 lbs., so 0.5 lbs of Jinxi is slightly more than enough to allow it to be operated by Jinxi Telekinesis, with 0.5 lbs. of spare lifting capacity for anything you might like to balance upon the tip. Note that this also increases the weight of the Javelin to 2.5 lbs. - it is not possible to replace any of the existing mass of the Javelin with Jinxi without compromising it&#039;s structural integrity, since Jinxi is fragile.
</p>
<div class="table sectionedit12"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0" rowspan="2"> Quality </th><th class="col1" colspan="4"> Cost per lb.</th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<th class="col0"> Jinxi-abundant Culture </th><th class="col1"> Jinxi-aware Culture </th><th class="col2"> Jinxi-less Culture </th><th class="col3"> Jinxi-remote Culture </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Raw     </td><td class="col1"> 3 gp </td><td class="col2 leftalign"> 70 gp  </td><td class="col3"> 1000 gp </td><td class="col4"> 6000 gp </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Pure    </td><td class="col1"> 4 gp </td><td class="col2"> 80 gp </td><td class="col3 rightalign">  1500 gp </td><td class="col4"> 7000 gp </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0"> Refined </td><td class="col1"> 5 gp </td><td class="col2"> 100 gp </td><td class="col3"> 2000 gp </td><td class="col4"> 8000 gp </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT12 TABLE [7873-8148] -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT11 SECTION "Cost" [6752-] -->