
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="godmage_vinewyltt">Godmage Vinewyltt</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Vinewyltt was the founder and absolute ruler of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=uubvine" class="wikilink1" title="uubvine">Uubvine</a> for the entire duration of its existance. He was an unrivalled practitioner of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:magic#arcane" class="wikilink1" title="creation:magic">arcane</a> arts, a virtually-immortal human, creator of various <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=chimera" class="wikilink1" title="chimera">Chimera</a>, and considered a deity by his <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=uubvine" class="wikilink1" title="uubvine">Uubvine</a> subjects.
</p>

<p>
Vinewyltt&#039;s assumed end came with his initiation, deliberate or not, and possibly also termination of, the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=first_north_sea_fiend_storm" class="wikilink1" title="first_north_sea_fiend_storm">First North Sea Fiend Storm</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Godmage Vinewyltt" [1-466] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="works">Works</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Works" [467-484] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit3" id="uubvine">Uubvine</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
It is not known whether Vinewyltt set out to found the vast city that his following became, but in his prime the Godmage embraced his function as a national and spiritual leader, though less comfortable as a subject of worship.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Uubvine" [485-731] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit4" id="creatures">Creatures</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
One of Vinewyltt&#039;s favoured pastimes and avenues of research was in the keeping of exotic creatures, bending them to his will, and experimentation in creating new species. Through his experiments he created countless unique creatures, some breeds of which far outlasted their creator:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=chimera#vinewyltt_s_chimeras" class="wikilink1" title="chimera">Vinewyltt&#039;s Chimeras</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=hydra#vinewyltt_s_hydra" class="wikilink2" title="hydra" rel="nofollow">Vinewyltt&#039;s Hydra</a></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=juba_bird" class="wikilink2" title="juba_bird" rel="nofollow">juba_bird</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Creatures" [732-1127] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="the_fiend_storm">The Fiend Storm</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "The Fiend Storm" [1128-1154] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="life">Life</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Life" [1155-1171] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit7" id="origins">Origins</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
In legends, Vinewyltt was already far older at the start of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:north_sea:golden_age" class="wikilink2" title="paraesi:north_sea:golden_age" rel="nofollow">golden_age</a> than any man should see, having already unlocked the secrets of eternal life.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Origins" [1172-1366] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit8" id="downfall">Downfall</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
In the later part of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=paraesi:north_sea:golden_age" class="wikilink2" title="paraesi:north_sea:golden_age" rel="nofollow">golden_age</a> Vinewyltt became increasingly obsessed with unlocking the utmost secrets of the universe, perhaps spurred on by discovery of some ancient <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=graadien" class="wikilink1" title="graadien">Graadien</a> or by the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=magefiend" class="wikilink1" title="magefiend">Magefiend</a>. Because of this his later creations were often foul and destructive without apparent reason, but such as the awe with which the people of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=uubvine" class="wikilink1" title="uubvine">Uubvine</a> beheld him that their faith did not waver.
</p>

<p>
Depictions of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:charon" class="wikilink1" title="creation:true_creation:charon">Charon</a> appear in numerous late and post-<a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=graadien" class="wikilink1" title="graadien">Graadien</a> works, including the great <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:charon#yamaraj" class="wikilink1" title="creation:true_creation:charon">Yamaraj</a> which may or may not have partaken in the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=graadien#sacking" class="wikilink1" title="graadien">sacking</a>. Some artefacts indicate that the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=graadien" class="wikilink1" title="graadien">Graadien</a> mages were visited numerous times by agents of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:charon" class="wikilink1" title="creation:true_creation:charon">Charon</a>, warning them to desist from the deployment of their <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=soul_bomb" class="wikilink2" title="soul_bomb" rel="nofollow">soul_bomb</a>.
</p>

<p>
Vinewyltt gathered, and rightly so, that these agents were otherworldly beings who might posses secret understandings of the universe far beyond what he had so far comprehended, and so he desired an audience with them himself. The only records he could find of them, however, were the fleeting depictions in <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=graadien" class="wikilink1" title="graadien">Graadien</a> artefacts, and so he sought to mimic their method of gaining the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:charon" class="wikilink1" title="creation:true_creation:charon">Charon</a>&#039;s ear: the ever escalating application of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=ceation:magic#arcane" class="wikilink2" title="ceation:magic" rel="nofollow">arcane</a> energies.
</p>

<p>
It is possible that <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=chimera:cockatrice#vinewyltt_s_cockatrice" class="wikilink1" title="chimera:cockatrice">Vinewyltt&#039;s Cockatrice</a> and some of his other <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=chimera#vinewyltt_s_chimeras" class="wikilink1" title="chimera">chimeras</a> were created in mockery of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:charon#yamaraj" class="wikilink1" title="creation:true_creation:charon">Yamaraj</a>, and other <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:charon" class="wikilink1" title="creation:true_creation:charon">Charon</a>, acting on a late, desperate hope of provoking a visitation. Even the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:charon:mortal" class="wikilink2" title="creation:true_creation:charon:mortal" rel="nofollow">mortal</a> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:true_creation:charon" class="wikilink1" title="creation:true_creation:charon">Charon</a> are not so easily goaded, however.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Downfall" [1367-3187] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit9" id="the_fiend_storm1">The Fiend Storm</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
It was this drive to stir up greater and greater <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:magic#arcane" class="wikilink1" title="creation:magic">arcane</a> currents which lead him down the road which caused the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=first_north_sea_fiend_storm" class="wikilink1" title="first_north_sea_fiend_storm">First North Sea Fiend Storm</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT9 SECTION "The Fiend Storm" [3188-3379] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit10" id="transformation">Transformation</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
Depictions of Vinewyltt&#039;s demise typically involve him leaping from his balcony atop <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=vinthak" class="wikilink2" title="vinthak" rel="nofollow">vinthak</a>&#039;s highest tower and plummeting beyond its total height, down into the valley beside the citadel, before rising again reborn and winged. Purportedly he slew a number of dire entities before ascending to the eye of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=first_north_sea_fiend_storm" class="wikilink1" title="first_north_sea_fiend_storm">storm</a> and disappearing. The <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=first_north_sea_fiend_storm" class="wikilink1" title="first_north_sea_fiend_storm">storm</a> dispersed shortly thereafter.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT10 SECTION "Transformation" [3380-] -->