
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="xiexio">Xiexio</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Xiexio (she-shö) is the abbreviated name of the Xienonxionin (She-non-shö-nin), also named Xeno or Zeno by the phonetic translation of their hieroglyphs by some <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a> scholars.
The Xienonxionin are a race of technologically advanced, four-armed humanoids uniquely native to <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=thexingja" class="wikilink1" title="thexingja">Thexingja</a>.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT1 SECTION "Xiexio" [1-321] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="jinxi_telekinesis">Jinxi Telekinesis</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Whether by natural evolution, the product of genetic manipulation, or a deliberate mutation influenced by some outsider, Xienonxionin and some other creatures native to <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=thexingja" class="wikilink1" title="thexingja">Thexingja</a> posses the innate ability to manipulate kinesis-sensitive materials such as <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> via telekinesis. As a result, many Xiexio technologies, tools, vehicles, etc. accommodate hands-free operation by integration of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a>. It is cheap enough on <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=thexingja" class="wikilink1" title="thexingja">Thexingja</a> to add sufficient quantities of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> to most small tools and arms, to produce jewelery and even clothing laced with the material. Many of the smaller <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio:vehicles" class="wikilink1" title="xiexio:vehicles">xiexio vehicles</a>, including one-man <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spacecraft" class="wikilink1" title="spacecraft">Spacecraft</a> are built using sufficient quantities of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> to allow telekinetic rearrangement of modules, and even piloting, though the Xiexio prefer to build a projected, haptic interface into important machines in case of circumstances which interfere with the use of telekinesis.
</p>

<p>
Typically military vehicles, weapons and arms designed for use around hostile Xienonxionin do not utilise Jinxi, as it leaves such tools open to outside influence. Modular personal <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spacecraft" class="wikilink1" title="spacecraft">Spacecraft</a> which rely heavily on <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> manipulation usually include a system of tethers which can be manually locked in place from the cockpit, preventing external sabotage.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT2 SECTION "Jinxi Telekinesis" [322-1671] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="appearance">Appearance</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Xienonxionin are of roughly human stature and build, tending to be shorter on average, and slight or athletic rather than muscular - though their range of builds is as extreme as it may be among humans. The first pair of arms is located where a human&#039;s would be, while the second extend from an additional pair of shoulders just below and behind the first. They have a deep, somewhat dull pink or purple complexion, ranging through to pale blue tones in some regions of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=thexingja" class="wikilink1" title="thexingja">Thexingja</a>. Their hair, typically adorned with <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> beads, is most naturally a purple or blue colour darker than the skin, fading to a silver-gray with age; lighter shades of blue, even almost white, are also found naturally, and teal hair is a somewhat rare occurrence.
</p>

<p>
Facially, Xienonxionin vary from region to region, but to a human of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=naltera" class="wikilink1" title="naltera">Naltera</a>, the notable differences in face shape are a tendency towards narrow noses, large lips, and lobeless ears which are sometimes pointed, and sometimes like small circles. Furthermore, where a human would have eyebrows a Xienonxionin appears to have a row of spherical stones set into the brow; though hard and solid these are actually formed from the same material as the hair, and so share its colour. The number of these stones varies from person to person but is usually between 3 and 5, with the stones nearer to the centre being on average the largest.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT3 SECTION "Appearance" [1672-3085] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="culture">Culture</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Xienonxionin culture varies around the globe, but the dominant culture is a heavily class-based, communist meritocracy ruled by a a high council composed of the leaders from all nations of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=thexingja" class="wikilink1" title="thexingja">Thexingja</a>, including those who otherwise distance themselves from the global culture. Personal humility and respect of one&#039;s superiors is a general point of importance, though an individual&#039;s standing is more flexible than in many cultures, being strongly swayed by the current situation - an aristocrat will often bow before his tailor, dressmaker, bodyguard, etc. when he is pleased with their work, or has an awkward request. As a result, interactions between Xienonxionin may appear erratic to other races, with each participant fluctuating between different levels of respectfulness and flippancy. This is worsenned by the fact that other races typically only deal with <a href="#council" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">council officials</a> and <a href="#spacers" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">spacers</a>, whose close standing, differing roles, and exposure to other cultures often makes for a lack of social precedent.
</p>

<p>
In most Xienonxionin cultures individuals of high standing wear loose-fitting robes with no specific sleeves cut and paint their faces with heavy make-up in traditional styles. Robes and other garments, as with hair, are often laced with <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> to allow for telekinetic control. Those in active occupations, such as <a href="#spacers" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">spacers</a>, often wear tighter-fitting garments. Lower classes of Xiexio, or those in roles requiring physical activity, often cut their hair short, while others tie it into ornate knots with the aid of their telekinesis. Messy or free-flowing hair may be seen as a sign of stupidity, laziness, lack of pride, or disregard for others.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT4 SECTION "Culture" [3086-4796] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="adventurers">Adventurers</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Xienonxionin do not make a habit of journeying off world, but those who do are usually <a href="#spacers" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">spacers</a>. Their society upon <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=thexingja" class="wikilink1" title="thexingja">Thexingja</a> is advanced enough that true adventuring is not common amongst the inner cities; open spaces are easily surveyed with the aid of long-range vehicles, so only the deepest jungles and most imposing terrain on the fringes of civilization remain to be explored.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT5 SECTION "Adventurers" [4797-5214] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="spacers">Spacers</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
A much varied profession captured under one title; Spacers operate under the authority of the Spacers&#039; Guild, which although technically beneath the <a href="#council" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">council</a> operates independently of it, and could easily oppose it in military might. Open conflict or espionage, however, is in the interests of neither party.
</p>

<p>
Agents of the Spacers&#039; Guild include merchants traveling to what few distant places the Xienonxionin openly trade with, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio:pioneers" class="wikilink2" title="xiexio:pioneers" rel="nofollow">Pioneers</a> who explore the far reaches of space to gather information for scientific and navigational purposes, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio:shepherds" class="wikilink2" title="xiexio:shepherds" rel="nofollow">Shepherds</a> who police trade routes and space within the Xiexio territories, and Sheriffs or Special Agents, who travel throughout Xiexio space and distant places, usually alone or in pairs, to pursue the interests of the <a href="#council" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Council</a> or Spacer&#039;s Guild in the name of peace-keeping.
</p>

<p>
The hierarchy of the Spacer&#039;s Guild is complex, with the lowest ranks being mercenary and ill-defined in role, but a clear upper echelon and system of promotion beyond that. Almost anyone can get a Spacer&#039;s license and begin to operate as a mercenary Spacer, but they are similarly easily dismissed at such a low rank.
</p>

<p>
At higher ranks individuals will begin to see the gears of guild politics in motion as their orders from their superiors begin to conflict with those of the council. Even a high-ranking Sheriff is duty-bound to follow the orders of the lowliest <a href="#council" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Council</a> official, though that official must lean on the support of his superiors if the guild as an entity questions those orders. In most cases this level of politicking is taken care of by the guild directors and high counselors themselves, or a dissenting member of either organisation will clearly hold no sway over an agent&#039;s actions, but on occasion, a guild agent recieving opposing orders will be left in the lurch, having to muster what support they can to do what they believe is right.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT6 SECTION "Spacers" [5215-7150] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit7" id="mage_technicians">Mage Technicians</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
In the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:creation" class="wikilink1" title="creation:creation">Creation</a> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a>, practitioners of the <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:magic#arcane" class="wikilink1" title="creation:magic">arcane arts</a> are not common among the Xiexio, with the majority of such being naturally-gifted sorcerers who practice mental discipline in order to direct their energies. Such practitioners have a high standing in Xiexio society, since their technology in <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=creation:marlien" class="wikilink1" title="creation:marlien">Marlien</a> is based upon arcane principles, and their batteries charged with magical energy.
</p>

<p>
Production teams for Xiexio computer technology, advanced mechanics, <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spacecraft" class="wikilink1" title="spacecraft">Spacecraft</a>, weapons systems, and so on, are a mix of pure technicians, who are often more the more skilled, and mage technicians, who are necessary for advanced technologies. Technologies are designed specifically to be safe and usable by anyone, regardless of magical ability.
</p>

<p>
Few Xiexio work as dedicated battery chargers as they once might have in small villages, because there are limits to even the most talented channeller&#039;s daily potential. For larger communities <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=xiexio:ritual_plant" class="wikilink2" title="xiexio:ritual_plant" rel="nofollow">Ritual Plant</a>s are usually set up with an infrastructure which provides energy to all surrounding buildings and sites; once activated by a group of Mage Technicians, such a site requires only one or two to monitor and maintain it over its lifespan. Mages who wish to make a little extra income may sometimes add themelves to a public directory so that others may come to them for a cheap top-up.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT7 SECTION "Mage Technicians" [7151-8588] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit8" id="council">Council</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Composed of the leaders of every nation on <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=thexingja" class="wikilink1" title="thexingja">Thexingja</a>, including those who choose to remain isolated from the larger Xienonxionin culture, the High Council dictates global policy, and instructs Xienonxionin affairs off-world, usually in coordination with the <a href="#spacers" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Spacer&#039;s Guild</a>.
</p>

<p>
Besides the national leaders, selected by whatever the preferred means are of each, the High Council employs a large number of clerks and career politicians.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT8 SECTION "Council" [8589-9059] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit9" id="male_names">Male Names</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Anlo, Anfen, Ban, Bofen, Haiso, Jailan, Ji, Juwan, Joa, Kaia, Li, Lofa, Minam, Silu, Taifen, Taiwen, Xin, Xiofen, Xiowen
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT9 SECTION "Male Names" [9060-9204] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit10" id="female_names">Female Names</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Aila, Ain, Aing, Aixa, Boxi, Chia, Fei, Gia, Jailan, Jaixia, Jinxi, Juchu, Kia, Lai, Li, Lina, Lulu, Minam, Nala, Nana, Nien, Nioa, Xei, Xiedoa, Xiuyin
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT10 SECTION "Female Names" [9205-9382] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit11" id="stats">Stats</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>Table: Random Height and Weight</strong>
</p>
<div class="table sectionedit12"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0"> Gender </th><th class="col1"> Base Height </th><th class="col2"> Height Modifier </th><th class="col3"> Base Weight </th><th class="col4"> Weight Modifier </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Male   </td><td class="col1"> 4 ft. 2 in. </td><td class="col2"> +2d10 in. (4 ft. 4 in. - 5 ft. 10 in.) </td><td class="col3"> 75 lbs. </td><td class="col4"> + 2d8x5 lbs. (85 lbs. - 155 lbs.) </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0"> Female </td><td class="col1"> 4 ft. 0 in. </td><td class="col2 leftalign"> +2d10 in. (4 ft. 2 in. - 5 ft. 8 in.)  </td><td class="col3"> 70 lbs. </td><td class="col4"> + 2d8x5 lbs. (80 lbs. - 150 lbs.) </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT12 TABLE [9437-9735] -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT11 SECTION "Stats" [9383-9736] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit13" id="racial_traits">Racial Traits</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4 id="ability_score_racial_traits">Ability Score Racial Traits</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Xiexio are nimble and keen-minded, but the light frames which allow them to lift their own weight through Jinxi telekinesis are weak and easily damaged.
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> -2 Strength</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> +2 Dexterity</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> -2 Constitution</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> +2 Wisdom</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>

<h4 id="jinxi_telekinesis1">Jinxi Telekinesis</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Xiexio may manipulate any object of sufficient <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> content as described under the general rules of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi#jinxi_telekinesis" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi Telekinesis</a>. Objects may be moved as subtly as through controlled by hand, through movements of heavier objects will be likewise clumsy. Unless otherwise stated, all abilities resulting from this trait, including <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi#returning_weapons" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Returning Weapons</a>, have a maximum range of 20ft.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="xiexio_proficiency">Xiexio Proficiency</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Xiexio do not automatically gain proficiency with any weapon with “Xiexio Advanced” in the name, but treat any weapon with “Xiexio Martial” in the name as a martial weapon, and automatically gain proficiency with any other weapon with “Xiexio” in the name.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT13 SECTION "Racial Traits" [9737-10725] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit14" id="racial_feats">Racial Feats</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4 id="far-reacher">Far-reacher</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
With training, a Xiexio may learn to increase the range of their <a href="#jinxi_telekinesis" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Jinxi Telekinesis</a> up to 40ft.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="heavy-lifter">Heavy-lifter</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
With training, a Xiexio may learn to control greater quantities of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a>, increasing the upper limit in each category of their <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi#operation_potential" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">operation potential</a> by 2 lbs.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT14 SECTION "Racial Feats" [10726-11075] -->
<h2 class="sectionedit15" id="xiexio_special_equipment">Xiexio Special Equipment</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT15 SECTION "Xiexio Special Equipment" [11076-11112] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit16" id="weapons">Weapons</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4 id="xiexio_shock_staff">Xiexio Shock Staff</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
A <a href="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/equipment/weapons/weapon-descriptions/quarterstaff/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/equipment/weapons/weapon-descriptions/quarterstaff/" rel="nofollow">Quarterstaff</a> built to release a stunning jolt of arcane energy when it strikes an opponent. Functions as though it has the <a href="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/magic-weapons/magic-weapon-special-abilities/merciful/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/magic-weapons/magic-weapon-special-abilities/merciful/" rel="nofollow">Merciful</a> magic weapon special ability, but without any bonus.
</p>

<p>
As with any weapon not dependent upon telekinesis, a shock staff may be built with or without Jinxi.
</p>
<div class="table sectionedit17"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0"> </th><th class="col1"> Weight </th><th class="col2"> Cost </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> Shock Staff </td><td class="col1"> 6 lbs </td><td class="col2"> 200 gp </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0"> Shock Staff (No Jinxi) </td><td class="col1"> 5 lbs </td><td class="col2"> 195 gp </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT17 TABLE [11623-11720] -->
</div>

<h4 id="xiexio_martial_multilance">Xiexio Martial Multilance</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The multilance is an outdated weapon designed to be wielded by a group of Xiexio in order to overwhelm the opposition with projectiles such that they cannot be easily caught with the same telekinesis used to throw them. It has sustained some use in the modern world as a tool for hunting cetain game, and has re-emerged as a weapon wielded by renegade Xiexio against aliens without Jinxi telekinesis.
</p>

<p>
The weapon itself is a heavy, jinxi laced, spear which is designed to separate into three separate projectiles mid-flight. It may therefore be thrown as one projectile, or manually divided and thrown piece by piece.
</p>
<div class="table sectionedit18"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0 leftalign">     </th><th class="col1"> Dmg </th><th class="col2"> Type </th><th class="col3"> Weight </th><th class="col4"> Cost </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> Multilance Third </td><td class="col1 leftalign"> 3d6  </td><td class="col2"> P </td><td class="col3 leftalign"> 4 lbs.  </td><td class="col4"> 5 gp </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0"> Multilance Whole </td><td class="col1 leftalign"> 1d8  </td><td class="col2"> P </td><td class="col3"> 12 lbs. </td><td class="col4"> 12 gp </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT18 TABLE [12375-12510] -->
</div>

<h4 id="xiexio_martial_disruptor_pistol">Xiexio Martial Disruptor Pistol</h4>
<div class="level4">

</div>

<h4 id="xiexio_advanced_disruptor_rifle">Xiexio Advanced Disruptor Rifle</h4>
<div class="level4">

</div>

<h4 id="xiexio_advanced_disruptor_lance">Xiexio Advanced Disruptor Lance</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The disruptor lance is a weapon often attached to personal <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=spacecraft" class="wikilink1" title="spacecraft">Spacecraft</a>, and occasionally wielded as a heavy weapon, with one or more lances hovering over the shoulder of an individual. It fires a concentrated beam of arcane energy like that of a <a href="#xeio_martial_disruptor_pistol" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Disruptor Pistol</a>, but stronger.
</p>
<div class="table sectionedit19"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0"> </th><th class="col1"> Weight </th><th class="col2"> Cost </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> Disruptor Lance </td><td class="col1"> 60 lbs </td><td class="col2"> 400 gp </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0"> Disruptor Lance (No Jinxi) </td><td class="col1"> 50 lbs </td><td class="col2"> 350 gp </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT19 TABLE [12951-13057] -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT16 SECTION "Weapons" [11113-13057] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit20" id="armour">Armour</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4 id="modular_armour">Modular Armour</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Modular armour is embedded with <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> and composed of layered scales with multi-purpose links to keep it together when at rest. A Xiexio wearing this armour, or other creature capable of manipulating <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> via <a href="#telekinesis" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Telekinesis</a>, gains a +2 bonus to their AC unless they are somehow denied their telekinetic ability, or Dexterity bonus to AC, or are caught unaware of the attack. Any medium or heavy armour may be made into modular armour; for the price increase, see the table of <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi#cost" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">jinxi cost</a>, based upon weight of the armour.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="xiexio_fabrics">Xiexio Fabrics</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
The advanced technologies of the Xeixio allow for the production of lightweight, flexible, and yet durable materials, which provide some protection without restricting the movements of the wearer.
</p>

<p>
This allows for a special armour category, No Armours, which do not require proficiency, or count as armour for monks or those with similar features.
</p>
<div class="table sectionedit21"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0" colspan="9"> No Armours </th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<th class="col0" rowspan="2"> Armour </th><th class="col1" rowspan="2"> Cost </th><th class="col2" rowspan="2"> Armour/Shield Bonus </th><th class="col3" rowspan="2"> Maxmimum Dex Bonus </th><th class="col4" rowspan="2"> Armour Check Penalty </th><th class="col5" rowspan="2"> Arcane Spell Failure Chance </th><th class="col6" colspan="2"> Speed </th><th class="col8" rowspan="2"> Weight </th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<th class="col0"> 30 ft. </th><th class="col1"> 20 ft. </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0"> Xipao Skinsuit </td><td class="col1"> 100 gp </td><td class="col2"> +1 </td><td class="col3"> - </td><td class="col4"> 0 </td><td class="col5"> 0% </td><td class="col6"> 30 ft. </td><td class="col7"> 20 ft. </td><td class="col8"> 5 lbs. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0"> Xipao Robes </td><td class="col1"> 150 gp </td><td class="col2"> +2 </td><td class="col3"> +8 </td><td class="col4"> 0 </td><td class="col5"> 0% </td><td class="col6"> 30 ft. </td><td class="col7"> 20 ft. </td><td class="col8"> 6 lbs. </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT21 TABLE [14021-14381] --><div class="table sectionedit22"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0" colspan="9"> Light Armours </th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<th class="col0" rowspan="2"> Armour </th><th class="col1" rowspan="2"> Cost </th><th class="col2" rowspan="2"> Armour/Shield Bonus </th><th class="col3" rowspan="2"> Maxmimum Dex Bonus </th><th class="col4" rowspan="2"> Armour Check Penalty </th><th class="col5" rowspan="2"> Arcane Spell Failure Chance </th><th class="col6" colspan="2"> Speed </th><th class="col8" rowspan="2"> Weight </th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<th class="col0"> 30 ft. </th><th class="col1"> 20 ft. </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0"> Guardsuit </td><td class="col1"> 150 gp </td><td class="col2"> +3 </td><td class="col3"> +8 </td><td class="col4"> -1 </td><td class="col5"> 5% </td><td class="col6"> 30 ft. </td><td class="col7"> 20 ft. </td><td class="col8"> 10 lbs. </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0"> Armoured Xipao Coat </td><td class="col1"> 200 gp </td><td class="col2"> +4 </td><td class="col3"> +6 </td><td class="col4"> -1 </td><td class="col5"> 10% </td><td class="col6"> 30 ft. </td><td class="col7"> 20 ft. </td><td class="col8"> 15 lbs. </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT22 TABLE [14383-14755] --><div class="table sectionedit23"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0" colspan="9"> Medium Armours </th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<th class="col0" rowspan="2"> Armour </th><th class="col1" rowspan="2"> Cost </th><th class="col2" rowspan="2"> Armour/Shield Bonus </th><th class="col3" rowspan="2"> Maxmimum Dex Bonus </th><th class="col4" rowspan="2"> Armour Check Penalty </th><th class="col5" rowspan="2"> Arcane Spell Failure Chance </th><th class="col6" colspan="2"> Speed </th><th class="col8" rowspan="2"> Weight </th>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<th class="col0"> 30 ft. </th><th class="col1"> 20 ft. </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0"> Platecoat </td><td class="col1"></td><td class="col2"></td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5"></td><td class="col6"></td><td class="col7"></td><td class="col8"></td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row4">
		<td class="col0"> Platesuit </td><td class="col1"></td><td class="col2"></td><td class="col3"></td><td class="col4"></td><td class="col5"></td><td class="col6"></td><td class="col7"></td><td class="col8"></td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT23 TABLE [14757-15005] -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT20 SECTION "Armour" [13058-15005] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit24" id="shields">Shields</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4 id="orbitals">Orbitals</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Orbitals are a form of hands-free physical shield designed to require as little manual guidance as possible. A creature capable of controlling <a href="/naltera/doku.php?id=jinxi" class="wikilink1" title="jinxi">Jinxi</a> may cause a number of Orbitals equal to their Wisdom bonus (max 4) to orbit their body. Orbitals may be grasped and thrown, or thrown using telekinesis, but they are treated as an improvised weapon, dealing damage appropriate for the size (1 S, 1d2 M, etc.).
</p>

<p>
Actions such as deploying orbitals, halting or resuming their orbit, require a move action, but multiple may be affected at once.
</p>

<p>
A creature wielding orbitals gains AC and takes an obscuring penalty to sight-based perception checks and all ranged or melee attacks per active orbital.
</p>

</div>

<h5 id="bladed_orbitals">Bladed Orbitals</h5>
<div class="level5">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 1d2 S, 1d3 M</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> P</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> monk</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Bladed orbitals are a type of light orbital favoured by Xiexio monks, modified to serve as viable weapons. They are not treated as improvised weapons when thrown and may be used for melee attacks without provoking attacks of opportunity.
</p>
<div class="table sectionedit25"><table class="inline">
	<thead>
	<tr class="row0">
		<th class="col0"> Orbitals </th><th class="col1"> Dmg (M) </th><th class="col2"> Type </th><th class="col3"> AC Bonus </th><th class="col4"> Obscuring Penalty </th><th class="col5"> Weight </th><th class="col6"> Cost </th>
	</tr>
	</thead>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Light    </td><td class="col1"> 1d2 </td><td class="col2"> B </td><td class="col3 leftalign"> +0.5     </td><td class="col4 leftalign"> -0.5              </td><td class="col5"> 3 lbs.</td><td class="col6"> 6 gp </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row2">
		<td class="col0 leftalign"> Heavy    </td><td class="col1"> 1d2 </td><td class="col2"> B </td><td class="col3 leftalign"> +1       </td><td class="col4 leftalign"> -1                </td><td class="col5"> 6 lbs.</td><td class="col6"> 14 gp </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row3">
		<td class="col0"> Bladed, Light </td><td class="col1"> 1d3 </td><td class="col2"> P </td><td class="col3"> +0.5</td><td class="col4 leftalign"> -0.5              </td><td class="col5"> 2 lbs.</td><td class="col6"> 10 gp </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT25 TABLE [16034-16319] -->
</div>
<!-- EDIT24 SECTION "Shields" [15006-16320] -->
<h3 class="sectionedit26" id="other">Other</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>

<h4 id="orbital_belt">Orbital Belt</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
An orbital belt is a simple accessory typically worn around the waist or across the torso, with slots to accomodate up to four light, or two heavy <a href="#orbitals" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Orbitals</a>.
</p>

</div>

<h4 id="orbital_harness">Orbital Harness</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Sometimes called a Beetle Harness, because of its appearance when supporting a full compliment of heavy <a href="#orbitals" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Orbitals</a>, an orbital harness is usually designed to be worn over the torso, with slots down the back or spine which can accommodate up to four light or heavy <a href="#orbitals" title="xiexio ↵" class="wikilink1">Orbitals</a>. Sometimes a harness is built into the back of medium or heavy armour.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT26 SECTION "Other" [16321-] -->